[docs] Update Expo tutorial for SDK 57 and other improvements (#48223)
expo/expo: docs/pages/tutorial/create-your-first-app.mdx

  }}
/>

> After running the above command, there are two files (**index.tsx** and **\_layout.tsx**) left inside the **src/app** directory. The previous files from **src** and other directories (**components**, **constants**, and **hooks** — containing boilerplate code) are moved inside the **example** directory by the script. We'll create our own directories and component files as we go along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the above command, there are two files (**index.tsx** and **\_layout.tsx**) left inside the **src/app** directory. The previous files from the **src** directory (including **components**, **constants**, and **hooks**) are moved inside the **example** directory by the script. We'll create our own directories and component files as we go along.
```
